we are here to dive in water which
hopefully harbors a quite unique and
mysterious animal well camouflage within
their environment so it's going to be a
bit of a bit of a hunt for a very very
inconspicuous animal but apparently
they're incredibly exquisite so it's
definitely worth doing like a piece of
seaweed I never did good look I don't
leave everything because the way that
they protect ourselves from predators is
to get way in amongst the kill
so far haven't done anything to of
course that's the idea for them anyway
stay hidden survive do a damn good job
of it if I do say so these rare animals
are so perfectly evolved to blend in
with the seaweeds that spotting one is
incredibly difficult oh my god it's
beautiful
Junie I've gotta see dragon over here
found only in the kelp forests of South
Australia and Tasmania this is the weedy
sea dragon
and how effortlessly they swim through
this so we're getting tossed around like
a washing machine it will not only use
its camouflage or evading predators but
also for sneaking up on this prey small
little crustaceans and zooplankton
things hidden amongst and around the tub
floating in the water column to help
them catch prey sea dragons have eyes
that can move independently while one
eye looks forwards the other can look
backwards
this is a very rare sighting like their
cousins the seahorse's weedy sea dragons
are under threat think it's time to let
her go on her way what I get
you